Author: Benjamin Hobson
Date: 3/31/21
Sprint 4

Reviewed: Player Item Pickup Implementation with Inventory
Written by: Kyle Gessel

Reviewed by: Benjamin Hobson

Reviewing commit: bb4ccbe1baf9bdb4e4971b24e68d0377ec68b303 

Reviewing empahsis: Maintainability

Time Spent: 30min

Review:

Kyle did a good job with his pickup implementation although I have some hopefully helpful
remarks. What I appreciate about Kyle is that he actually knows how the legend of zelda 
is supposed to work, whereas, I've never played the game before and usually have no idea 
what's going on within the context of how the game works.

Kyle implemented classes for each item's pickup functionality, meaning he built a class
for the occassion in which each item was picked up. He then linked each concrete item class
to return an instance of it's respective pickup class via a method called "pickup"...
I'm not sure why he didn't just put the pickup logic in the concrete class and run it
when he invoked the pickup method on the item in the first place... perhaps this is
decoupled? It just seems like more work to me. 

Regardless of all the extra classes, the pickup methods he created, both for the concrete
and the pickup classes, were very succinct and recyclable. This is due to the easy dictionary
of items already in player that kyle took advantage of to increment count of.

Quite frankly, I also trust kyle at this point and believe he had a good reason for making 
a pickup class for each item. Kyle also created an IPickup interface which is good because 
we are focusing on coding to interfaces. 

Hypothetically, as I mentioned above, I would just scrap the pickup classes and put the
implementation directly in the item class. Then when the player's pickup method is called
it can simply invoke the pickup function on the item and pass itself as a parameter. Also,
all of the return types could be made void for simplicity and a simple .ID check on the
item in the player's pickup method to check if its the triforce would do for win state.

This code is easy to maitain and is well organized.