Sprint 4 Reflection

This was an intense sprint. We are extremely proud of how it turned out and
we accomplished alot. Its now in a state where it can be played like an actual
game!

Once again, teamwork and communication was strong between the team. We were
able to avoid creating bugs in other peoples branches as well as any integrated
team could hope to do. If anyone had a rowdy bug or had a rough understanding
of a section of code, people were always willing to hop in a zoom call and
talk.

One thing in particular really hurt us this sprint The break period combined
with holiday weekend slashed the time that we usually use to bug test. Most of
us were unable to work on the code at all during this time. This led to a
problem on Monday were the team felt somewhat rushed cleaning up a final
edition of the code.

Despite this, We still aproached our time management pretty well. Last sprint
we had an issue where some members of the team started on the code too late
in the sprint and wasted the early days. That did not happen this sprint.
Everyone got right into the code. This did give us SOME time to refactor, but
again, the break really took a large amount of the time we wanted to use away.
Even with starting early, we were unable to get everything on our task board
perfect and complete.

Our task board and git process remain unchanged from the previous sprint.
We have gotten to the point where everyone is comfortable enough with git that
its really no longer a pain point within the team. The task board was regularly
updated and we had regular stand-up meetings where we walked through which cards
people claimed and which tasks were in-progress. These work extremely well for
the team and are basically and automatic process at this point.

Despite some challenges, we were able to create code that we feel is a strong 
submission and a good reflection of what we are capable of. We are can't wait
to implement our additional features in the next sprint. We have discussed 
quite a few ideas, but we won't be making any decisions until class time on
Wednesday.
