Sprint 2 Reflection

Sprint 2 turned out tremendous. We started the code early and this led to us
being able to complete all of our functionality almost a week before the sprint
concluded. This was huge for us in that it allowed us to focus on the actual
code during our last few meetings, instead of feeling rushed to reach a
functional state.

Some of the tools we used that led to our success were github and the
integrated github project board for task management. These tools helped to keep
all of our changes organized and also allowed us to easily fix any new bugs
that were introduced in the coding process.

Of course, we did have some issues. Much of the team was new to github, so
there is a slight learning curve with using it as an effective version control
tool. Most of these issues were solved early on in the sprint and have gone
away due to general experience.

During a few occassions, our master branch would break and we would have
versions of our code that did not work. We plan to resolve this in our future
sprints by creating a testing protocol to be used both prior to a pull request
and during a pull request review. By making the testing process more robust, we
hope to avoid issues where the master branch breaks. We also plan to be much 
faster to respond to pull requests, so that team members don't feel like they
are unable to move on until someone looks at their code.

Another issue we had involved the project board. The project board proved to be
a great tool in managing the tasks required, however early in the project the
tasks were not as fleshed out as they needed to be. Many of the cards had to be
made to be more specific or were just not useful. We plan to spend a longer
period of time outlining the requirements of the sprint during one of our
first meetings so that the project board is useful from the start of the
sprint and not just during the end.

In general, most things went extremely well. We used GroupMe for communication 
between partners, and all team members have been accesible when other members
have questions. We have team meetings every class day to do a quick stand-up
based around the tasks on the project board. These meetings are general quick
and feel impactful. If someone felt stuck on a problem and wanted to ask for
advice, these meetings were a great time to do that.

Overall, we feel proud of the code that we have created and feel good about the
processes we used to get to where we are. We are looking forward to the
challenges the next sprints bring!