Sprint 5 Reflection

This was a fantastic sprint. It was our first chance to stop mimicking someone
elses work the best we could and instead create the game that we wanted to see.
We choose to take inspiration from other dungeon crawlers such as the "Binding
of Isaac" and create a randomly generating dungeon with more enemies, a shop
and new floors.

One of our biggest challenges this sprint as well as every prior sprint was 
spending time reviewing and cleaning up old code. We know there are a few 
classes that could use a rework for the sake of code quality, one such class
is the collision class. A few helper methods would undoubtly clean this class
up. Its unfortunate we weren't able to clean up everything to the exact state
we wanted. That doesn't mean that nothing was reworked! This sprint saw a
rework of the HUD elements, further clean up to game via the use of 
gamestates as well as many other various changes to classes.

One thing we focused on heavily this sprint was playtesting to remove as many
bugs as possible. We spent the tail end of this sprint testing and ensuring
that the game plays exactly as we expect, removing most bugs from our game.
Those bugs that still exist in this game have been documented.

Teamwork was something of a well oiled machine by this point. Our meeting times
felt impactful and meaningful. The project board helped to keep them focused
and directed. Overall, because of this strategy, meetings never felt like a
waste of time and everyone always walked away from them with something to
complete for the next meeting.

One thing that was especially different about this sprint was brainstorming new
ideas for the game. We spent our first couple meetings specifically talking
about our vision for the game and deciding which ideas we wanted to implement.
This was significantly more complex as we no longer had a CSE website to give
us a checklist of things to complete. Instead, we created our own document in
the same vein of that CSE website checklist to define exactly which ideas we
wanted implemented. We made sure each idea was implemented, but we also tried
to ensure each idea integrated with the others. For example, the new crit chance
can be sold in the new shop after defeating the new bosses. We believe each of
our new implementations works to form a really cohesive gameplay experience.

Something that was a key focus in these meetings was that we wanted our game to
be ACTUALLY fun to play. We think we met this goal and we hope you agree!
